Okay, I'm Rob from the Llanberis Community Orchard Group. We're at the YHA in Llanberis,
which has an old orchard that we are bringing back to life. And this is what I've come up
with in my story this morning. So why wander? I like wandering. So I like to wander because
I meet new people. I listen to new voices. I revisit old friends and places. I enjoy
new colours, landscapes, wildlife, food and drink. I forget my worries. I get healthy.
I refresh my outlook on life, past and future. I can change my destiny. I can embrace my
future and I don't regret my past. I live more in the present. Wandering is good for
my physical, mental, emotional, cultural and social wellbeing. But wandering doesn't have
to mean physically travelling places, although that can sometimes help. You can go to and
experience new things in your imagination or by challenging yourself culturally, mentally
or creatively. Thank you.